kgni
Who do you get along with best?
Mom, Dad, Sister, Brother, Home pet
vtec
What’s the most important thing in life among these choices?
Happiness, Love, Trust, Experience, Safety
1sbu
How are you spending this Friday?
Going out with friends (outside of MIT or home), Hanging out with friends , Psetting with friends, Psetting by myself , Chilling by myself (not psetting), Going out by myself (outside of MIT or home)
chca
Where do you study best?
In my room, At the lab, At the library, At a cafe, At a dorm or house lounge
i128
How much do you like to be in an airplane?
I love it, I usually like it, I am indifferent, I rarely like it, I hate it
kg9c
Do you judge people before meeting them?
Always, Often yes, I try not to, Never
0j7f
DC vs. Marvel?
DC, Marvel, What are those?
e2eb
Favorite sports in this list:
Soccer, American Football, Baseball, Softball, Tennis, Volleyball, Frisbee, Cricket, What are those?
sufo
Chemistry or Physics?
Chemistry, Physics
z46t
Are you on an MIT meal-plan?
Yes, No, I don’t go to MIT
1vun
For an invite only party, what does “on time” mean for you, on average of course?
Less than 10 min BEFORE the time scheduled, 5-10 min BEFORE the time scheduled, 0-5 min BEFORE the time scheduled, 0-5 min AFTER the time scheduled, 5-10 min AFTER the time scheduled, Over 10 min AFTER then time scheduled
lx0n
What does STREM truly means to you?
Science, Technology, Research, Engineering, Math
7ih5
What’s your favorite social media platform?
Facebook, Messenger, Whatsapp, Twitter, Quora, Medium, Tublr, None of those
gg0w
Ice cream flavor. Choose one:
Vanilla, Chocolate, Mint
5alp
Do you abbreviates when you text?
Yes, A little, I try not to, Only when I am in a rush, Never
y3bm
How often do you go to the gym? Imagine that X is a number like 1-5.
X times per week, X times every two weeks, X times per month, X times per year, I have been delaying the start of my gym career
au35
What’s your favorite medium?
Books, Movies, TV Shows, Animes, Articles, Cartoons, Magazines, Blogs